README.md, before:

# contracts [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/common-theory/contracts.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/common-theory/contracts) [![Coverage](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/common-theory/common-dac/master/test/badge.svg?sanitize=true)](https://coverage.commontheory.io)

The common-theory contracts, with an overview of use.

## Syndicate

```
Syndicate

noun - a group of individuals combined to promote some common interest
```

Syndicates can be used to send payments over time between Ethereum addresses. Balances are held in the contract and funds are locked during transfer.

Syndicates are a means by which to improve **fairness** and **efficiency** in financial interaction.

- [`https://commontheory.io`](https://commontheory.io)
- [`https://ipfs.io/ipns/commontheory.io`](https://ipfs.io/ipns/commontheory.io)
- [![latest hash](https://dnslink-cid-badge.commontheory.io/commontheory.io)](https://dnslink-cid-badge.commontheory.io/commontheory.io?redirect=true)

## Intended Use

Syndicates can be used to coordinate funds between humans. Syndicates should embody the opposite of the connotation and promote productivity and wellness (physically and mentally) in the beings involved.

Humans should exist peacefully. In the case that they don't it is the fault of the governing system, or the absence of one.

## Interest

Humans want to be happy, and want to see other humans happy. Humans need to feel included and connected to other humans. Action doesn't always induce happiness, even when well intentioned. Campaigns exist to advertise the good that is being done.

Let the good that is done be the advertisement.

Commit message:

Add link to paymentWeiOwed proof

README.md, after:

# contracts [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/common-theory/contracts.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/common-theory/contracts) [![Coverage](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/common-theory/common-dac/master/test/badge.svg?sanitize=true)](https://coverage.commontheory.io)

The common-theory contracts, with an overview of use.

## Syndicate

```
Syndicate

noun - a group of individuals combined to promote some common interest
```

Syndicates can be used to send payments over time between Ethereum addresses. Balances are held in the contract and funds are locked during transfer. Payments are guaranteed to complete once initiated.

Syndicates are a means by which to improve **fairness** and **efficiency** in financial interaction.

- [`https://commontheory.io`](https://commontheory.io)
- [`https://ipfs.io/ipns/commontheory.io`](https://ipfs.io/ipns/commontheory.io)
- [![latest hash](https://dnslink-cid-badge.commontheory.io/commontheory.io)](https://dnslink-cid-badge.commontheory.io/commontheory.io?redirect=true)

### Proof

A mathematical proof of the [`paymentWeiOwed`](https://github.com/common-theory/contracts/blob/master/contracts/Syndicate.sol#L79) function can be found [here](https://github.com/common-theory/contracts/blob/master/proofs/paymentWeiOwed.pdf).

## Intended Use

Syndicates can be used to coordinate funds between humans. Syndicates should embody the opposite of the connotation and promote productivity and wellness (physically and mentally) in the beings involved.

## Interest

Humans want to be happy, and want to see other humans happy. Humans need to feel included and connected to other humans. Action doesn't always induce happiness, even when well intentioned. Campaigns exist to advertise the good that is being done.

Let the good that is done be the advertisement.
